README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: add information to the README.md

README.md, after:

## FourScore

The FourScore app concept you're describing focuses on improving the political engagement process by directly matching voters with political candidates based on their policy preferences. This digital platform seeks to simplify the voting decision process by providing a tangible metric, the "Four Score," representing the degree of alignment between a voter's and a candidate's views on various issues across local, state, and federal levels.

Here's a brief overview of how it works for both parties:

### For Political Candidates:
- **Sign-Up Process**: Candidates create a profile and fill out a detailed poll covering a broad spectrum of policy issues relevant to the jurisdictions they aim to serve (local, state, federal).
- **Campaign Tools**: The platform offers a suite of tools for candidates to reach out to potential voters. They can send campaigns via letters, emails, phone calls, or text messages. This feature is monetized, providing the app with a revenue stream.
- **Matchmaking with Voters**: Candidates have the opportunity to connect with voters who share similar policy views, potentially increasing the effectiveness of their campaign efforts.

### For Voters:
- **Sign-Up Process**: Voters also fill out the same poll to gauge their policy preferences.
- **Matching Algorithm**: Based on their responses, the app calculates a "Four Score" for each candidate on their ballot, indicating the percentage of policy alignment.
- **Informed Decision-Making**: This score helps voters to easily identify and learn more about the candidates who closely match their own policy views, aiming to make the voting process more straightforward and personalized.

This approach not only empowers voters with personalized information, enhancing their ability to make informed choices, but also enables candidates to target their campaigns more effectively. By focusing on policy alignment rather than partisan or ideological labels, the FourScore app could contribute to a more issue-focused political discourse. It represents an innovative use of technology to bridge the gap between political candidates and the electorate, potentially fostering greater political engagement and participation.

## Next.js

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
